#summary Multi Device Online Demo: Flash

<wiki:gadget url="http://awe6.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/docs/awe6DemoFlashGadget.xml" border="0" width="620" height="420" />

This demo shows the awe6 demo compiled to Flash / SWF.  Flash Player 10+ is required to view it.  Flash Player is available to install from [http://get.adobe.com/flashplayer/ Adobe's website].

The demo suite is designed to provide a minimalist tangible example of most game building requirements (rather than "wow"):
	
  * Asset loading and management is demonstrated by the bitmaps displayed and audio played.
  * Main loop and game control is demonstrated by animation, interaction and the ability to pause.
  * GUI is demonstrated by the Overlay and Buttons.
  * Mouse / touch input is demonstrated by the buttons and Invader hit detection.
  * Keyboard input is demonstrated by pressing "SPACE" to activate buttons, "P" to pause, "M" to mute.
  * Text control is demonstrated by the embedded font ("Orbitron"), formatting and dynamic update of the game timer.
  * Persistent session / save game is demonstrated by the retention of your personal best time.
  * State management is demonstrated by the 3 Scene game (intro, game, results) and transitions between them.
  * Object pooling and management is demonstrated by the collection of Invaders.
  * Entity behavior is demonstrated by the Bouncer movement of the Invaders.
  * Cross target compilation is demonstrated by having online demos of both Flash and HTML5 that use the same code and assets.
  
Compare with the [DemoHtml5 HTML5 demo].