= Silex-Labs, 21st June 2012, Valerie Elimak =
*_ Practical awe6 workshops _*

A whole day dedicated to discovering Haxe.  Morning session focused on a theoretical introduction to cross-platform development.

The afternoon session focused on awe6: introduction, understanding the main components, going deeper into the architecture.  Slides and comprehensive coding examples can be found on [http://workshops.elimak.com/awe6june12/ Valerie's website].

= Haxe WWX, 14 April 2012, Robert Fell =
*_ May the Force be with you: making a game with awe6 _*

Pronounced "awesome"; awe6 is game inverted. An IoC template framework providing scalable, flexible and intuitive tools for the rapid development of quality games. Learn how stunning Flash games including "LEGO® Star Wars™ Ace Assault" were built with awe6 and how they can be deployed to any platform including mobile and HTML5.

Big thanks to !SilexLabs for organizing this event.  Great community and upbeat throughout.  Slides from Rob's presentation are available [http://prezi.com/yzvwdmevm9_c/_tagpub-may-the-force-be-with-you-making-a-game-with-awe6/?auth_key=8eadceff59596f8a8b289c119c02fa3dc670c4b9 via this link on Prezi.com].  A video of Rob's presentation can be viewed on [http://www.silexlabs.org/132111/the-blog/may-the-force-be-with-you-making-a-game-with-awe6/ the SilexLabs website].

= Droidcon Berlin, 14 March 2012, Mihail Ivanchev =
*_ Developing multi-platform games for Android using haXe, NME and awe6 _*

Introducing a stack of 3 fully free and open-source technologies which render the development of cross-platform Android games as well as the porting of Flash games to many platforms trivial: Haxe, NME, awe6.

A video of Mihail's presentation can be viewed on  [http://de.droidcon.com/session/developing-multi-platform-games-android-using-haxe-nme-and-awe6 the Droidcon website].