#summary Release notes for each release candidate

=RC 2,2,605=

Minor release.  Includes:

 * Masks removed from !GuiEntity for js target
 * Various OpenFL-native / cpp related errors fixed
 * Minor enhancements to !BasicButton and Text
 * Introduced EJoypadTouch, and automated touch controls on the Joypad (enable via Factory.`_`configurer)


=RC 2,1,585=

Minor release.  Includes:

 * Minor API fixes and consistencies (e.g. durations to ms:Int)
 * Wrapped untyped driver methods in try catch to ease additional OpenFL HTML5 backends (e.g. bitfive)
 * Minor !FlashDevelop template fixes for OpenFL build compatibility
 * View and Entity collections add methods return added item (to allow decoration)
 * Compiles to Neko (via OpenFL native)


=RC 2,0,572=

Major release, some breaking changes.  Includes:

 * Haxe 3 compatible (refactor to new syntax and conventions)
 * NME drivers replaced with OpenFL drivers
 * Optional paramaters refactored (Floats, Ints, Bools made non-nullable)
 * Run script NME references replaced with OpenFL references
 * !FlashDevelop templates updated for above
 * API docs not yet revised, due to chxdoc compatibility


=RC 1,4,550=

Minor fixes release.  Includes:

 * Linux run scripts & NME template fixes
 * Default init and dispose messages removed from Process (for performance)


=RC 1,3,522=

Haxe 2.10, NME 3.5.5 (optional) compatible release.  Includes:

 * Linux run scripts to include NME template
 * Flash Fullscreen Context Menu conditional of Player Version
 * IMessageManager expects IEntity as sender type
 * nme and jeash drivers refactored to NME 3.5.x package names


=RC 1,2,492=

Haxe 2.10 compatible release.  Several issue fixes, new NME !FlashDevelop templates and Linux creation scripts.  No breaking changes.


=RC 1,1,445=

Haxe 2.09 compatible release.  Many improvements, optimizations and consistency reviews.  Some breaking changes:

 * AFactory `_configurer` has `p_isPreconfig` parameter to allow two stage configuration
 * Driver !AudioManagers do not assume file extension by target - specify accordingly in project specific !AssetManager.


=RC 1,0,391=

Major update.  Now compatible with all targets - directly or indirectly.  Can be consumed by NME (e.g. include as a lib in your NME project), or can consume NME / Jeash / etc as preferred.

Please note this release required minor public API changes:

 * overriding AFactory `_init` to set properties is now done by overriding AFactory `_configurer`.
 * Overlay is constructed by injecting IView instead of !BitmapData.
 * Overlay includes a buttonSize as part of its constructor.
 * All getters and setters have changed to from `__get_%`, `__set_%` to `_get_%`, `_set_%`.
 * Private members originally called `_sprite` and now called `_context`.