#summary Overview of project milestones and objectives.
#labels Phase-Requirements,Phase-Design

= Primary Objective =

To create a scalable, flexible and approachable tool to assist in the rapid development of quality games.  What types of game, and for what type of platform are intentionally undefined.

== Platform Independence ==

The independent casual game developer / small team represents the target user of awe6.  Currently the primary targets for casual games are the web via Flash / SWF and mobile via iOS.  It is expected that Android & HTML5 will become increasingly relevent targets.

The Next Big Thing comes along too often to develop specifically for it.  Therefore awe6 is a collection of declarative interfaces, intended to be platform agnostic.  For practical purposes there is a working implementation targetting today's Big Thing.

  * cross platform interfaces defining top level game functionality
  * haXe implementation of all model and controller functionality
  * Flash implementation of view functionality

The roadmap is defined by the gaps between these objectives and the current state of the project:

=== Code Library ===

  * Interfaces defined and tested (98%)
  * Working core implementation targetting Flash (98%)
  * Working demo and getting started resources (75%)

=== Documentation ===

  * API documentation (60%)
  * UML diagrams of packages (80%)
  * Wiki definitions of key concepts (5%)
  * Examples, demos and tutorials (25%)

=== Cross Platform Implementation ===

  * Flash view (95%)
  * Javascript view (20%)
  * C++ view (35%)